9/9 Fixade linken mellan startsidan och menyval sidan så att man kan gå från startsidan till menyn. Jag satt alla val i en 
form på valsidan så att man kan lättare hämta infomationen. Jag har gjort all chechboxar men jag ska flytta dem så de är 
bredvid dem istället för under. Jag har delat upp menyn i två columner man kan inte få dem att vara brevid varandra. 
Jag har också läst om fetch() och hur man ska hämta infomationen från checkboxarna och sedan skicka vidare 
them till servern. Jag har också gjort css till val sidan. Fick css att funka så att cloumnerna är bredvid 
varandra löste detta genom att göra en div till .grid istället för body som gjorde att det inte fungerade. Hittade hur jag kunde undvika merges vilket jag gjorde genom att skriva dagboken på vscode istället för på github vilket gjorde att jag behövde merga då det var olika versioner på datorn och github.

10/9 Jag fixade en knapp, att alla checkboxar hamnade bredvid saken istället för under och jag fixade så att all checkboxar 
har ett namn som är saken de repensenterar. Nästa gång ska jag börja fixa en js file där jag tar hämta infomation från html filen. 
Ska sedan se hur man göra så att när man  vill ha en hamburgare fylls alla checkboxar undern den hamburgaren man vill ha 
och sedan kan man ta bort om man inte vill ha någon specielt på hamburgaren.

14/9 Jag inser att vi ska göra tvärtom vilket är att vi inte ska hämta infomation från hemsidan och sedan
skicka till servern utan vi ska göra tvärtom om vilket innebär att vi hämta infomation från servern och visa på html 
filen vilket innebär mycket av det jag har gjort och läst är helt i onödan. Jag har länkat BurgersBal.html filen till Burgers.js. 
Jag behöver kolla hur man lägger upp infomation på html.filen via infomatoin man hämta från servern.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5/9 We looked on how you put up commits on github through the terminal. We created a ssh key so we could link our computer to github. 
We did this thorugh a youtube video and google where they show you how to create a ssh key. We also went through the git commands 
we are going to use to update the project on github. An example is git push, git pull, git commit -m"text" and git add . 
We also began to plan the project. We also created journals where we can write what we have done.

7/9 Today we each created a product we are going to put on the meny and i choose salad. I put 2 salad on the meny caesar salad and 
chicken sallad. I also listed all ingredients so the user could choose which ingredients the whould want the thier salad. I got a 
task to make a website where we could show the menu. I got some very small experienced with to do websites. I need to bring back 
some memories. We also created a branches one head branch and one branch each where we could upload to and then later upload to 
the main branch.

8/9 Today i created two html files and one css file to style the htmls files. one start html file where you could press a button to go 
to the meny. The other html files is to the order. I also linked the html files to the css file. The starting site was done but i 
have to linked it to the order site in the future im so i have to search how you link a button to a another site. The ordersite is 
not finnish i most talk to my colleagues about if we have more products that are going on the website. I have not finnsih with the 
css to the order site and i most do the checkboxes to the menu. I used the https://www.w3schools.com/ to remember how to do some 
stuff like margin and borders on the button. I got som problem with git but i succeded to solv it im not 100% sure how i did it 

9/10 Fixed the link between the homepage and the menu selection page so that you can go from the homepage to the menu. 
I put all the options in a form on the selection page to make it easier to retrieve the information. I have created all 
the checkboxes, but I will move them so they are next to the items instead of below. I have divided the menu into two columns, 
but I can't get them to be next to each other. I have also read about fetch() and how to retrieve the information from the 
checkboxes and then send it to the server. I have also done CSS for the selection page. I got the CSS to work so that the columns 
are next to each other; I solved this by creating a div for .grid instead of using the body, which made it not work. I found out 
how to avoid merges, which I did by writing the diary in VSCode instead of on GitHub, which meant I had to merge since there were 
different versions on the computer and GitHub.

10/9 I fixed a button so that all checkboxes are next to the items instead of below, 
and I made sure that all checkboxes have a name that represents the item they refer to. Next time, 
I will start creating a JavaScript file where I will retrieve information from the HTML file. 
Then I will see how to make it so that when you want a hamburger, all the checkboxes below that hamburger are filled in, 
and then you can remove any you don't want for that particular hamburger.

September 14: I realize that we should do the opposite, which means we shouldn't retrieve information 
from the website and then send it to the server; instead, we should do the opposite, which means we retrieve 
information from the server and display it on the HTML file. This means that much of what I have done and read 
is completely unnecessary. I have linked the BurgersBal.html file to Burgers.js. I need to look at how to post 
information to the HTML file via the information retrieved from the server.

15/9 Today i changed the look on BurgersVal.html so it look better when you put infomation on it. 
I read a little about fetch and how you get infomation from the database. I used freecodecamp and 
w3school for infomation on api

20/9 Today i read more about database and how you send and get infomation from and to the database. 
Iam going to put more stuff on the database on a later date. I have also began to translate my journal to english.

23/9 Today i have transalting a bit more of the journal to english and i have put more stuff on the json.file on the database.
I gave each drink and salad a name, type and id.
i put the salad, drinks and the desserts on the file. I have also read a bit on json

25/9 Today we got togheter in the group and merges or work togheter. I also learn how to merge with other works.
I also updated the server.cjs with the other options. I created app.get() with salads and drinks.

29/9 Today i read index.js file on development i made a change in it that send a mail to the person 
ordering of the order went througt or if the order failed. I also translated more on my journal.

3/10 Translating the last text to from my journal to english. Iam reading the code the my colleagues have writin in dockers and in 
JavaScript file.